Adding additional scripts for container resources (#17)
integr8ly/rhmi-utils: README.md

]
```

#### Extracting RHMI cluster resource data and container resource usage
**Note:** Ensure you already have a resource snapshot file

> 1. Run `zcat </path/to/get-resources/snapshot/file>.json.gz | jq -f ./scripts/rhmi_resources_by_namespace_container_pretty_csv.jq | sed 's/\\"//g' | sed 's/"//g' > containerresources.csv`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `zcat </path/to/get-resources/snapshot/file>.json.gz | jq -f ./scripts/rhmi_resources_by_namespace_container_pretty_csv.jq -r > containerresources.csv`
```
Adding the -r parameter to the jq call tells it to output raw JSON values instead of JSON texts which effectively removes the surrounding double quotes without having to pipe through sed.

Author: Great catch, thanks @jessesarn

> 2. Run `zcat </path/to/get-resources/snapshot/file>.json.gz | jq -f ./scripts/resources_by_namespace_csv.jq | sed 's/\\"//g' | sed 's/"//g' > namespaceresources.csv`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run `zcat </path/to/get-resources/snapshot/file>.json.gz | jq -f ./scripts/resources_by_namespace_csv.jq -r | > namespaceresources.csv`
```

Author: Great catch, thanks @jessesarn

3. Open https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1U_Xigy6ffsgv6ifgDNsJPIuv8NS_kEkb6muc6dZWd-0 or another Google Sheet
4. Import the above csv files into individual tabs
5. *Manual Step:* Namespace sheet: Copy the Cluster totals and RHMI totals rows from the above spreadsheet

>     * **Note:** Make sure the cells in the formulas only target RHMI namespaces

Reviewer: It should be possible to do the filtering to only rhmi namespaces in the jq script itself which would be more reliable.  Relying on manual removal of non-rhmi namespaces cost us an extra node at least once if not twice.  Doesn't need to be changed now, but just thinking ahead.

Author: I have reworded this to make it clearer. This output needs all totals per namespace, the formulas in the sheet for RHMI totals just need to make sure are only targetting RHMI namespace rows in the sheet. To see what I am talking about, take a look at the RHMI totals row in this spreadsheet - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1U_Xigy6ffsgv6ifgDNsJPIuv8NS_kEkb6muc6dZWd-0/edit#gid=1306477674
